Expected response if claims and claim_sets is omitted in DCQL (#424)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

The following rules apply for selecting claims via `claims` and `claim_sets`:

> - If `claims` is absent, the Verifier requests no claims that are selectively disclosable; the Wallet MUST
>   return only the claims that are mandatory to present (e.g., the issuer-signed JWT and KB+JWT for a Credential
>   of format SD-JWT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `claims` is absent, the Verifier is requesting no claims that are selectively disclosable; the Wallet MUST
  return only the claims that are mandatory to present (e.g., SD-JWT and Key Binding JWT for a Credential
  of format IETF SD-JWT VC).
```

If the Wallet cannot deliver all claims requested by the Verifier
according to these rules, it MUST NOT return the respective Credential.

> Note: For Credential Formats that do not support selective disclosure, the case of both `claims`
> and `claim_sets` being absent is interpreted as requesting a presentation of the "full credential"
> since all claims are mandatory to present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Credential Formats that do not support selective disclosure, the case of both `claims`
and `claim_sets` being absent is interpreted as requesting a presentation of the "full credential"
since all claims are mandatory to present.
```
